creat addon:
gas refining
	from air
	from water splitting

cryocooler:
	turn gas into liquid

bedrock scraper:
	pulls bedrock powder from bedrock

wormhole generator:
	liquid helium to cool it
	bedrock powder for fuel

	trains can go through
		can build off nether portal functionality
	mirrors nbt data of block on other side of portal
		for redstone, pipes, power(gears, shafts, wires)

	speed limits how big the wormhole can be. the faster, the bigger, the more coolent and bedrock dust it takes

gas engine:
	runs on hydrogen


liquid nitrogen for recipes:



TODO List:
Same dimension train portal travel is currently impossible in Create Mod. Best alternative is probably to make a pocket dim
so that the train enters the pocket dim drives forward like 10 blocks and return to the overworld out the other side of the wormhole.
The question then is whether it is still worth adding immersive portals. It will suck that you still get a loading screen, but then you can also just walk through.
Could also drop train support... just use it for walking traval and utilities passthrough (shaft, cog, pipe).
Maybe I'll just add a second wormhole type. A see through one for walking traval and utilities passthrough, and an end gateway texture one for train pocket dim travel.





DO LATER List:
Immersive Portals inject:       - do NOT waste time pursuing this until IPs is stable in 1.21.X NeoForge.
    2 main options:
        - start using code to make portals, adding only necessary files into my mod, fixing them as I go.
        - try to add the whole mod as a messed up sudo jar-in-jar/api abomination, as no API exists.
    radical option 3:
        update to 1.21.x while porting to NeoForge, them learn Gradle and properly api




Known bugs:
wormhole generator doesn't save screen data on unload-reload
look into why the AtmoExtr instantly gains fluid when network is connected to it
if you setblock a single wormhole generator block (other than a core) and break it, masterpos will return null
    Fix: handle the null so it skips removeAll().

